this is hockey
true
square
this plot is a real celebration and
yourself at first glance we can take
him for a thousand cigarettes
but then I understand that it is completely different
powerful period and huge investments
from 7 transparently hints at
sports car character
while not going anywhere
sense of usa
huge phase moving average
Central Committee of the Communist Party but with a large share of ml
main unusual roof line
If you look at the USSR, it can be seen
that the roof here is very simple and roundness
cause various associations
especially in men
powerful to others expose again
think about what it is frames
hopefully decided not very tough and
does not go anywhere
low ground clearance should be
careful
before you get behind the wheel look under
hood task not easy to find how
it opens from the driver’s seat
can not be part of the people
nice little thing how he keeps himself
we will not prop up yet
associated with the sphere quadruple of 1 6
liter
seasoned
at the same time powerful economical
designers and there is a place for
realizations of their fantasies
which is very interesting
and here's the katy trunk of a sports coupe
he is huge
although there was no place for the reserve
from the interior can also be obtained
a lot of pleasant emotions
new skin and beautiful lines
from the hall
all very little backseat
the seats there are conditional only for
children
but with the adjustments had to tinker
did not immediately manage to configure information
for myself
thank son electric drive
the judge does not have a great lateral
support
there is a concept of building
Availability
but now it's time to try and in
business
after his car arise
questions
among women and children
around not too generally of course
has affected
in loco
the first question asked
Apparently this car is
opinion
in open view, it is just fine
as a power source no question
when will lose the turbine so easy
hurricanes
in almost any transmission dynamics
acceleration is very similar
passport readiness for winter hundreds but by
sensations
washington soon
but
at least one third of the world's population
controlled
second big role
I get great pleasure
as
how she rubles per square meter
on the first car
colleagues said that they baked the town of dera
managed better
but not to compare with anything
Subaru for example, the street is not worse than their former
by and large
but the main thing is very
stiffer suspension
other
irregularities matchmakers barrel helper
feel your spine
but here you have to choose yourself
sportiness
I am comfortable
as strange as it sounds but
two survived only two men
is observed
but trite as it is reported
in Vologda
can be chosen for oily skin
may contain hold
he stopped outside
rear spoiler
also at the speed myself to engage
he will come out at speed specifically for
letting dust back here and special
zones
at the traffic light
Total
I do not know
in fixed assets increased by 4 hours
person per year
four times a day
her problems do not arise at all
the only thing that we brought time
active divorce
want a copyist fourth right on
sixth
braking length
reversed
who can transfer involved in a little bit
more than would like
containers with mechanical
I wonder what the car itself
tells you when you need to
switch information transfer
is the switchman really
i like the brakes they don't
too sharp not enough too sharp
brake before gas
but at the same time
more than enough to quickly
becomes when you need it
at first even during and after death
have to be careful more
caught for nobody
you can tell about this car
infinitely if you want you can find
what disadvantages
four
innovation
Moscow
everything